{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13840\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1. Go to 
\b https://www.continuum.io/downloads
\b0  and download the Python 2.7 version, graphical installer.\
2. Open installer and follow instructions.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \CocoaLigature0 We will now create an environment for flow analysis. We will use the FlowCytometryTools package (
\b http://eyurtsev.github.io/FlowCytometryTools/index.html
\b0 )\
\
3. Open terminal, and run the following command:\
\

\i 	conda create --name FCSenv python=2.7 spyder scipy matplotlib pandas decorator wxpython \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 \
This will create a new environment called 
\i FCSenv
\i0  with all the dependencies we need for flow analysis.\
\
4. Once the environment is created, we will work within it. it is useful to compartmentalize working environments based on need. Activate the 
\i FCSenv
\i0  by typing:\
 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i \cf0 	source activate FCSenv\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 In the terminal. You\'92ll see \CocoaLigature0 (
\i FCSenv
\i0 ) next to your command line name\CocoaLigature1 \
\
5. Next, using pip, install flowcytometrytools in this environment by typing:\
\

\i 	pip install flowcytometrytools\

\i0 \
6. Another useful tool is PyTables, which allows for relatively simple saving of processed data:\
\
	
\i pip install tables
\i0 	
\i \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf0 \
6. Copy the file fwpython from this folder and paste it in 
\i /Users/%%your_usr%%/anaconda/envs/FCSenv/bin
\i0 \
\
This will allow us to run a framework version of python and access the screen. You will need to change the permissions for this file in the terminal:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i \cf0 \CocoaLigature0 	sudo chmod 777 /Users/\CocoaLigature1 %%your_usr%%\CocoaLigature0 /anaconda/envs/FCSenv/bin/fwpython\

\i0 \
And make sure it\'92s in the right format:\
\

\i 	dos2unix /Users/\CocoaLigature1 %%your_usr%%\CocoaLigature0 /anaconda/envs/FCSenv/bin/fwpython\

\i0 \
7. Next, make sure you are inside FCSenv ((
\i FCSenv
\i0 ) next to your command line name). If not, run \
	\CocoaLigature1 source activate 
\i FCSenv\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf0 \
Then open spyder by typing in: 
\i spyder
\i0 \
\
8. We need to tell spyder to use the framework version of python, we do this by going (in spyder) to\
\
python>>preferences>>Run>>Use the following Python interpreter:\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \CocoaLigature0 /Users/\CocoaLigature1 %%your_usr%%\CocoaLigature0 /anaconda/envs/FCSenv/bin/fwpython\
\
and push OK\
\
9. Close spyder, and reopen it by typing \CocoaLigature1 in 
\i spyder
\i0  in the terminal. You should now have a working Python console within spyder.\
\
\
10. Copy the files from the python folder in this startup package to your python folder\
\
11. Start playing around with CBAAnalyze.py  or with ProcessComps_vs}